### Compiler Warnings

Special care was taken to avoid misleading indentation warnings

### Requirements

This requires a terminal emulator that supports 24-bit ANSI colors.
These days most Linux terminal emulators do, including stock xterm
(at least on Debian).

There is sound too!  On a Debian system at least if you have
    /usr/bin/aplay
it will attempt to pipe the sound into it at the default 8kHz/8-bit unsigned.

If aplay is not detected things should still run, just without sound.

### Obfuscation

I have to admit I was mostly going for size-optimization here rather than
pure obfuscation.  The first often leads the second, but not always. I did
abandon a few fun things to try to fit in a fewer number of lines.

### Background

This entry is inspired by the demoscene.  It does a few demoscene
effects while playing some bytebeat music.

### The Audio

Bytebeat music is a genre where the music is made purely by math.
One common form of it is just a C expression that takes a single
argument, usually t for time, and it generates the sample for that
timestep.  The assumption is the output is treated as raw 8-bit audio
to be played at 8kHz.

The bytebeat used here is:
``` <!---c-->
buffer[t]=(t>>2|3*t|t>>8)*9+4*((t&t>>12)|t>>7);
```
This is based on a bytebeat by Tjoppen for use on 6502 processors,
and was itself based on a combination of entries by viznut, xpansive,
and varjohukka in a thread on pouet.net.

I took the baseline and modified the weights to be generated by
a random number generator.  Then I tried a large number of these randomly
generated weights until I found one that I thought sounded interesting.

I had hoped to have a few more effects but the ones I tried did not
really look that great at 80x24 resolution.

### The Visuals

There are a series of four visuals that are cycled through.  Each one
the pattern can be generated solely based on the x and y co-ordinates.
The idea for this is roughly based on the (much more impressive)
256-byte MS-DOS "Memories" demo by Hellmood.

There are two palette variants, so 8 visuals total.  It would have been
easy to add more but you're probably getting irritated by the music
by that point.

#### Plasma

This is a plasma effect made with sine and cosine.  It's why we have
to link against -lm.  This one if vaguely based on the low-res
Apple II effect from the French Touch "Plasmagoria" demo.

#### Sierzoom

Rotozoom effect with Sierpinski triangles.  You're only seeing small
chunks of it here, due to low resolution, and also because what you
see varies a lot based on the current frame.

#### Circles

A Memories-inspired effect.  Nothing fancy here, just animated circles
made with x**2+y**2

#### Moving Squares

This is done just with XOR
