### Compiler Warnings

When built it may complain about argc and argv being unused.
I am old school and can't imagine main() not including them, so please
ignore those warnings.

### Requirements

This requires a terminal emulator that supports 24-bit ANSI colors.
These days most Linux terminal emulators do, including stock xterm
(at least on Debian).

There is sound too!  On a Debian system at least if you have
    /usr/bin/aplay
it will attempt to pipe the sound into it at the default 8kHz/8-bit unsigned.
If aplay is not detected it will write the sound to the file "r.raw"
which you can then try to play on your sound program of choice, or if
you have a SUN machine, cat it to /dev/audio.

### Obfuscation

It was so hard to get this to fit in the size requirements that I stopped
obfuscating once I made it fit.

Attempts to make things look cooler or shrink things more only seemed
to make things bigger somehow.

### Background

Hopefully it's obvious what this is.  I wish I had more space, I could
have made it sneakier and also had a few more frames of animation.

It's about half animation, half music right now.  I should have optimized
the music better.

Believe it or not this is actually a rough port of an Atari 2600 version
of this program.


### Bugs

Due to a last minute change that I didn't catch you need to have at least
an 80x25 window for it to look right.  It will scroll a bit if you only
have 80x24.

The music also doesn't loop properly, (it was vaguely supposed to)
but I'm not sure how many people are going to sit and listen to the end.

### Code Annotations

A/B/C/D is the music data.  There are two tracks, A,B and C,D.
The music is based on an Atari 2600 version I put together in TIAtracker,
dumped to CSV, and converted to this format.

g[] are the RGB colors (16 of them).  Using decimal instead of hex is
sometimes more compact, definitely more obscure

E/G/H are three frames of "graphics".  RLE compressed and turned to ASCII
with a base64 variant.  Wanted four frames but that was 256 bytes too much.
The graphics are based on an Atari 2600 version I have and the compressed
data is autogenerated from some png files I hand-rotoscoped.

h is the sequence to play the animation frames

the a() function generates the 8-bit 8kHz sound samples, it's a mini
tracker of sorts.  It first takes the empty (calloc()) data and merges
A,B into it.  Then is re-run to average in track two (C,D)

main()

for loop with pow() is setting up the music note frequency lookup table using
math.

we calloc the music area.  More compact than an array?  I forget the exact
reasoning, it's important it starts at zero but a large global array
would do that too.  We actually check for errors in calloc() like a
good citizen.

We fork off the music thread so it can play in the background while the
animation is playing.  If /usr/bin/aplay is found we popen() to it and
dump the music samples to it, otherwise we write to the file r.raw

The end half of main() is the RLE decompressor and ANSI escape generator
for the animation.
